cleanup_old_files.py

Deletes files older than a given age recursively. The age can be matched
against modification or creation timestamp.  You can use this to regulary
cleanup files you want to keep only for a specific time.

Use cases may be your download folder, Maildir trash folder, ~/tmp or flash
cookies.

Examples:

$ cleanup_old_files.py -cw ~/Maildir/.Trash/cur 7d;\
  cleanup_old_files.py -cw ~/Maildir/.Trash/new 7d;\
  cleanup_old_files.py -cw ~/Maildir/.Trash/tmp 7d

The script is called for each Maildir subdirectory seperately so that it
doesn't delete potentially important metadata files located directly in
~/Maildir/.Trash/. The Courier IMAP server e.g. holds there its folder metadata
such as UID database and ACL information (Maildir++).

The "-w" needs to be set to actually delete files. By default
cleanup_old_files.py doesn't delete anything.

When files are moved to the trash folder their modification timestamp will
remain the same as in the original location. As we want to match the age
against the time of deletion we will have to use the creation timestamp here
with the "-c" option.

$ cleanup_old_files.py -erw ~/tmp 3d

Here the "-r" and "-e" option is given to instruct cleanup_old_files.py to also
delete empty subdirectories. Of course "-e" makes only sense in conjunction
with "-r".

Undisturbed by any browser based cookie privacy protection the flash plugin
stores its settings on the local harddrive. By default a flash program can
store 100kB information in such a way. Also note that flash maintains a cache
of downloaded SWF files. As the URL is encoded in the filename this is
effectively a history of flash based website - independend from any browser
history privacy settings.

If you would like to get at least rid of information of sites you don't visit
regulary you may be call cleanup_old_files.py like this

$ touch ~/.macromedia/Flash_Player/macromedia.com/support/flashplayer/sys/settings.sol;\
  cleanup_old_files.py -erw ~/.macromedia 7d

Flash stores its privacy settings in the file settings.sol which you perhaps
want to preserve. You can touch it before to protect it against deletion. But
note that visited flash URLs are also stored in settings.sol .


See ./cleanup_old_files.py --help for more information.
